# CS370
emerging trends in CS -- (intro to ML)

  - Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
    - I was given all the code for this assignment outside of the training for loop. I was provided pseudocode for the for loop. The work in this project was translating the pseudocode to python and overcoming general technical difficulties to execute the training. 
  - Connect your learning from throughout this course to the larger field of computer science:
    - What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
      - Computer scientists study how computation works -- the theory, math and abstract principles that make computing possible.
    - How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
      - I am not a computer scientist; I am a software engineer. Computer scientists would approach questions the same way other scientists do -- with the scientific method: observe, ask a questions, make a hypothesis, expirement, analyze, make a conclusion, communicate for peer review. As a software engineer, I take business problems and go through a similar process of observe the business problem (not a comutational one), ask questions, make a hypothesis, make a plan to build, implement the solution, gather user feedback for iteration. the process certainly echos the scientific method, but I would not call myself a scientist. 
    - What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
      - It depends on what I am building as ethics are often considered gray in the modern world. Is it unethical to make an autonomous navy ship? What if it means that if accomplishes the same war outcome that would already be, but there are no lives at risk on the ship? We live in a country where the defense industry is making facial recognition and databases of US peoples, where war will be fought at the other end of a wire, where the next time the US goes to war and American lives are lost, there will be outcries to send [Boston Dynamic's Atlas](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I44_zbEwz_w) with a gun instead. There is no ethical qualms with the math behind AI, the ethical issues to consider are the same ones humanity has been dealing with long before widespread AI adoption: is killing people in war acceptable? Is pirating content and taking finnacial gain from it acceptable? Is building a database of citezens a violation of some constitutional right? These questions have been asked for long before AI, and they will continue to be asked until otherwise legislated. My personal ethics lie in my religion: treat others the way you want to be treated -- ethical responsibilities, at the end of the day, are a very personal choice, and can't really be answered by one person for all. 
